Enhance documentation readme file (#748)
jakartaee/data: README.adoc

==== Pagination

Jakarta Data supports two types of Pagination: offset and cursor-based Pagination.

- **Offset Pagination**: Offset Pagination is a popular method for efficiently managing and retrieving large datasets. It is based on dividing the dataset into pages containing a specified number of elements. This method allows developers to retrieve a subset of the dataset by identifying the page number and the maximum number of elements per page.

- **Cursor-based Pagination**: Cursor-based Pagination aims to reduce missed and duplicate results across pages by querying relative to the observed values of entity properties that constitute the sorting criteria. This method uses a cursor, a pointer to a specific position in the dataset, to navigate the dataset.

Example code using both pagination methods:

[source,java]
----
@Repository
public interface CarRepository extends BasicRepository<Car, Long> {

 Page<Car> findByTypeOrderByName(CarType type, PageRequest pageRequest);

 @Find

>  @OrderBy(_Car.NAME)

Reviewer: Assuming two cars can have the same name, there needs to be additional criteria to make the position of each entity deterministic.

```suggestion
 @OrderBy(_Car.NAME)
 @OrderBy(_Car.VIN)
```

==== Pagination

Jakarta Data supports two types of Pagination: offset and cursor-based Pagination.

> - **Offset Pagination**: Offset Pagination is a popular method for efficiently managing and retrieving large datasets. It is based on dividing the dataset into pages containing a specified number of elements. This method allows developers to retrieve a subset of the dataset by identifying the page number and the maximum number of elements per page.

Reviewer 2: This sounds like a definition of "pagination", not of offset-based pagination specifically.

Author: @gavinking what do you think?

Jakarta Data supports two types of Pagination: offset and cursor-based Pagination.

> - **Offset Pagination**: Offset-based pagination relies on the LIMIT clause to tell the database to skip a certain number of rows before returning a specific number of rows.

Reviewer: Users should not need prior knowledge of a LIMIT clause to understand our brief overview/introduction to pagination.  Here is a suggestion for some wording that will hopefully get the intended point across:

```suggestion
- **Offset Pagination**: Offset-based pagination computes pages relative to a positional offset from the beginning of the dataset given the requested page number and page size.
```
